300,000 receive a lot of money
How is that possible?
Where did this ugly guy get so much money?
When?
To lose money, you also need to know the source of the money.
How have you been?
Can you take off your shoes now?
What do you mean?
Is that hard to understand?
I spent 300,000 on a pair of shoes
Now he's mine.
Are you not ashamed to continue to dress?
You wore my shoes. What am I wearing?
What you wear is none of my business
People also lost money, why doesn't this woman take off her shoes?
What do you mean?
I pretended to look down on people before
Your face is swollen now
Here you are.
Why did you throw away my shoes?
These are my shoes.
I just paid for it.
I can do whatever I want with my shoes.
Do you still need your consent?